dee
I will
What
me
Let's get into the field first as a lady pioneer
For the people and the next generation that comes after
We feces or geisha say the person who opened up the road
We would like to share the experience of all these infertiles with you
I have a right
Not to say that someone will do it for Maria's establishment
Teh
After all they are Ney
I have people fill in the that labor comment other Do not have its worth in themselves and are
Aso's Fuji movement should not be in the name of a cat
I put away the other perfectly one one I do not and Hey
It is said that I should do it, and I think it is so true that my sight woman
Exercise new
Rather , I think I'm focused on broadcasting, but I think it's a profession, but I'm still social
In the true sense that if a woman who works with a professional job does not
I do not think that there is no liberation of that woman
3rd floor
I body mystery is that this was better that I Bath grounds love
I felt like I was on another floor of Tako's mother in Kyushu with my own idea.
I am home with two of the movement for Anoano people
Year
But women who participated it is and that referred to it as well so it is still the respective areas of expertise
The person who really accounted for that person who really shook and understood in that bean-related respectively
We guess any number of and participation to Anoka
Takada is getting ready
After all it is the first to say that it has increased
I feel worth living if you say man
Though it may be because is still suffer from the final out Well I'm there is refrain from
Because I was not particular about such a thing relatively, was it added and said it was fun ?
If
Once Well kind of person one there
Winning streak in it we do, you connect the various Dovan pie is hand made the organization tomorrow in 12 years
Succeeded in making a law called
Hey Toka man or that it I'm a woman I think this is honor
Wow I did not j command such a thing
Ah ah ah ah
me
Hmmm
Bach
Uu
2 minutes